Bump version to v0.7.0 (#999)
open-mmlab/mmengine: README.md

## What's New

v0.7.0 was released on 2023-03-15.

Highlights:

> - Supports PyTorch 2.0! Compile models for accelerated training

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Support PyTorch 2.0! Accelerate training by compiling models.
```

> - Add `EarlyStoppingHook` to stop training when the metric does not get better

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add `EarlyStoppingHook` to stop training when the metric does not improve.
```
